Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in in this lecture, I'm going to make a mistake.
Ah, the mistake is this password dot is enter.
This should be password does is not enter it.
I'm for telling you this so you correct us and when you say the time is I would say okay.
Ah, the reason is because first of all we are checking in the fields is empty or not.
That is if the field of values or if the fields is field, then only you want to sign in the user with
the email and password.
So this should be is not empty.
Are not is empty.
So not this, but this.
So you can observe changes and maybe you see Amitabh is empty, right?
So are going to do this in the next lecture.
And I'm telling you this.
So you don't encounter such error.
Right.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.